what's up guys today I bring you something
fun I bring you something to freshen up
before but it's funny that you commented on
a few of the ads that I was
saving this week it's shocking you know
that we've had a lot of
problems lately with the monetization issue
and such because the
videos turn yellow that means
the videos turn yellow because they
are not suitable for advertisers what I
'm saying now is very
important what you're saying now
is very very relevant to
inter trust then the advertisers have become
very delicate because they don't want to
advertise on this platform where there is
so much garbage content and now I understand I don't
know about you but I really understand
what's going on what's going on what's
going on what's going on that subscribers jumped the most
and although I have recorded during
this week for three weeks the
recorded the captured I'm not going to
show it we have the first one here here
girls write first to the rally
dating app
the girls are eating a
tropical lollipop I'm not a bad thinker either I think
that what she is doing is sending a letter and she
is sealing the envelope it's that I don't
know why we like it  this ad had
more natural advertised pressure then there is
another one that I have not been able to capture on
video but I did take a
screenshot on my mobile the page cannot
capture the video but I was looking for it which
I really do not care about I was encouraged by
their support half that the
advertisers pay I do not care what
happens to me thank you very much is that for you to put
an ad on youtube is that
youtube has to approve the video and
this they have approved this would be the other
this is a video chat application that
if you see that the ad that may
seem like this the image a little that
nothing happens that there is nothing but
I guarantee who the ad
the girl's nipples could be seen in the shirt or in other words it
seems the same that it was cold no where I was it
is a
video calling application well here you can see here
a little bit the frozen is a little bit
go to the screen to the girl I have
here a video of the application the
application would be this one I
love it because when you make a
video call with someone it is not logical that
you put yourself in the camera we take the
mobile and you focus the quality or the  I vote
that she covers her face with the
camera of others the goal that her
tits can be seen in the middle is making the
video call with her tits and now I'm going to
show an advertisement that I'm sure sure sure
that you all have come out
because this guy has had to
spend a fortune on advertising that
pisses you off because it's been like two or three
weeks appearing in all the
YouTube videos I know that the ads come up
a bit depending on what you have
searched for on Google or whatever but it's that for
me it comes up both on my phone and on my
computer in all the ads well I'm
going to put it halfway sounds better
hello
I am the best phrase to flirt would be gay
I'm Alex although I had me Manolo the thing is that
if Manolo calls you he doesn't work like
[ __ ] you have to call the ex go up
the street and you find a girl that
you like and you have to say hey I'm
Alex that girl airs to extend like
everyone intellectual
stop I'm Ale but with all the confidence
in the world make this one worth it that goes through the
center and they catch you on unemployment stop stop
[Music]
I came to cross on red for you
how many times has it happened to you
walking down the street on the way from
work to the gym
that feeling inside of wanting to do
something wanting to meet her and you did
nothing and look the reason why this
happens is one respects her personal space
I go do one thing there were no teams your
goal was that it seems good to me do you
remember when we criticized last year's
Gillette ad but we
say the ad we criticized we
criticized the people who criticized the
ad it seems fine to me that if I
walk down the street and another girl
introduces myself I don't see that as being more legitimate because it
will be the old custom like every life,
that of the applications telling you all
that knowing that the thing about
dating apps and that is also respectable that she
wants to use it, use it for that is what they were
created for I don't think it is also a
good tool for people who are
introverted afraid of having a
dating app and life pim-pam-pum for but it doesn't
seem wrong to me that someone on the street
introduces themselves to someone goal that they
do it with respect and everything not for
example if I approach someone  to
flirt I say I'm Alex
if the girl wants to talk to me because I
spoke if she says see you later if I
go ahead I don't want to meet or not put
temperate stalker plan pesa but if she
wants to introduce you the girl talks to you she
also wants to introduce herself because it
seems fine to me it doesn't seem like more time you
will have to depend on so much time
and quality or a partner there is not right now I
have
and they meet her through a dating app
at a nightclub in a nightclub
and she also does not want to do those things it would be I would
prefer to have that
spontaneous experience of meeting a man that
really the man in the video I
like more than everything places him in
a place to do that by face
you are more extroverted and it does not cost you so much
work okay but a person what
you say is more introverted well maybe
through the mobile phone well they
can express themselves less I would be a bit
like Alex
hi I crossed in red for you today we
should be the three secrets to
instantly unleash her natural reaction
and that way you too can get out of
outside have spontaneous interactions and
live incredible experiences and we are going to
go to the page
of everything that has been recorded there will be 60 70
percent that  it's not education either
the minutes of knowing her creating a
magical moment knots two bringing out her
most primal side in she's giving a
race of emotions in her body that
communicates one thing loud and clear I
love this guy
the guy who hydrates anyone who
sees this man talking and the ad
seems like he's talking to you about
hard mating he'll do for you and he already
starts going after you and you
become his only concern
standing out from any other man he
meets is this a skill that you possess
right now have you answered yourself that I
shouldn't tell you that you're missing out on something
spectacular he gave you but don't feel bad
because I'm sure that this is
something that no one has ever
taught before and that's why I
'm sharing it with so many men
Guillermo who says good morning to us and has
fulfilled half of our
monthly goal half of my monthly goal
this method of the day with 15 this time he
's watching a course at the end there will be
the advertisement that the channels also
have in the courses chords another
redhead something similar that to things that
he is not that he gives you some advice for
dates  be basic advice for
example they can be hey shower
every day be well dressed be
polite don't
be sharp on the bottom but then it wouldn't be
given if it were the student's profession
and a piece of advice that I would give to my student if it
were me the teacher I would say put a
little bit of toilet paper in your
underwear that no matter how much
you shake it the last drop
of the pants and the fence no no but
this teaches you to flirt with
everyone I mean what they are promising you
here is that you take this course and you
become a professional like the
jean barco man from the island of
temptation useless who knows this course
if you take this course you can be
like when you throw yourself in front of axel that
you walking down the street all the pieces fall out
you are left with these
phrases to flirt routines and tricks to
manipulate her and take you to bed the
same lies that I believed for
years before discovering the effective
scanned feminist ally does not let her
introduce me you have to beat her although
now I have this ability I do not always
wish so in fact I was probably
quite like you  a [ __ ] [ __ ] guy
social conditioning
watering can which is how you have been
influenced to think and act in accordance
with the beliefs of your family your
school your social section and society you do
not know how to flirt with any woman because of
your conditioning two words my
name is alex your parents encouraged you with
a strange girl that you thought was
cute write and from your father accompanied
by the disco a man of facts and
facts and in fact the children are small we
force it with this they encourage them to
socialize with others look talk to
this goya with this night so that he
is not short so that they know related
to others if it has happened to you that he
found out about accompanies the disco or tell me
what you think she is hot on the other
hand normally the mother is the one who
wears the pants at home and controls
everything conditioning you associate
women with the authority from whom you
should seek validation permission and
approval whether it is done on a Saturday she
asked for it crazy as hell she is going to freak out
alex then they sued the school of the
school and wow what a head they all have
since they are it was a flake ok father this
man
shake hands to talk to you about  permission
for any little thing is to go
to lesser education
[Music]
do that of bermdez or gregorio
and put that even they pee it looks
better and the worst of all are the
movies and cultural trends
putting women on a pedestal as
something that you have to conquer
convincing you that you owe this ad
certain money status fame or do
something extravagant to earn it just
lies because in fact when he had a
movie that I had as a child he doesn't watch the
disney movie aladdin he
fell in love with a poor man you don't care if it's a
rite of our real falls in love with the
person it's life 20 we have the one of 20
her inside of her inside palms the
little mermaid had also altered other
pressures to kill all this
conditioning coming from
everywhere and recording it changes deeply
from your subconscious corrupting your idea
of what women really
want and leading you to failure when
trying to attract them is that
if you don't feel that
a woman sees you on the street is going to like you it is
because you yourself  you like
yourself so you need a little
self esteem and a little bit of taking care of yourself I
know if you think that approaching the
Lavazza girl backwards is because being in
charge hurts your balls because he's also
dressed like a [ __ ] junkie with the
striped tracksuit that all you're missing is
the chocolate palm tree and he puts you
valet parking and the truth is I know that I
walk down the street I want to introduce myself to
girls and I know that she doesn't answer me only
and we get to this point that is you're
wondering how serious it has been
as it has gone down well show your
check sir your boss Bruce that's
proven used by a multitude of other
men and that you can start using today
too to have success in your
love life and start attracting the women you
really want regardless of your
physique money or status because physique
social status
the truth is that sincerely physically she
is not my type physically
thinner people others look fuller
others also like the way of being maybe they do
n't like it more extroverted
another likes it more polite more serious
another we like more than the grip and
another likes it more that I talk things
interesting each of us asks for something maybe there is
a person who is not looking for
one and this one is convincing that with
his courses he will be able to conquer
all women anyone but it
makes me laugh a lot because he demands
beautiful women but what does he have to
demand anything you know there is one thing
that makes me laugh a lot is that he puts
here a comment about
people's experience and everyone talks about some
Russian blondes now let's see when
we see more comments
notice I connect with those of the pink cloud
that also those that the qualities of
knowing a beautiful woman are very
low and that if one by chance
appears in your life you should make the
most of it because until another one passes put to
drain months and months
you find a person attractive because of their
way of being
also makes me laugh so much and attracts me
to other things about her like the best a
look the way of speaking the
expressions that are expressive as it would be
other things
really a very beautiful woman who has
the fashion model just the animal stupid
[ __ ] and I don't see her don't look at her and beautiful
no I don't see her ugly because it repels her when you
master this type of
emotional communication until women
they get addicted to you literally like
a drug because you're the only one that can
give them this I heard the age of care
is for someone remember to go in alone
also at this point you have two
options number one is that you
go out and try to implement it on your
own
possibly wasting years of your life
doing trial and error not even
knowing if you're going to get the
results or not number two is that you
can make sure that you start doing it
right learning directly from a
mentor and call only there has already
helped a lot of other men in this
field has been
chosen if you want to be in depth and
have in your hands my complete guide to
put these secrets into action allow me to
reveal to you my masterpiece of the
natural attraction program
[Music]
Mexico this is illegal because here in
Venezuela without a certificate that I asked you to you
can go to jail calmly that has
the certificate you will see it now at the
end with a postgraduate degree in Vaduz
this is brutal another one that I just did and I
also wanted to have a coffee but I'm leaving
tomorrow to be working in fact 3 approve
three waves 6-3 approach approve is
called the fact of going for a girl
for the  street knowing her is worth approaching and
three can fell three out of three is that this
course in the [ __ ] of rings but expensive
comes
now well the art of flirting you know what it is
using between the art
of the filter with all of us can be
revealed the most common misconceptions
that men have about getting
a number
and they teach you the step by step process to
get a woman's number
casually hey lorena no worth it
then you weren't interested if you can
see that I'm interested pay attention to this
message I ran into a fantastic Russian blonde
the Italian has made avenue
Barcelona only to flirt with roses
for the three destroy your fears to
teach me how to destroy the realities I have
done the 150 kph that I had marked
one day Barcelona hates you persecuted
these bastards of hard go out to the
street I'm only going to bring you the
girls that go down the street when he
has made me you have to record the
characters in their days wait right now
doing a practice without hunger
requires no effort between passing and passed
a couple of blows fall on them in the
middle the street surely be a student
look look at him a myth that  you need a
lot of courses but you need
a lot of courses and a lot of courses even from
jp callar for her physique and the little
positions that you get into like that imagine I
almost have my beautiful wife like that
hello
here we have another client who was
telling us how he had met a woman
and had had an instant attitude
with her for two hours and he says to us you
can imagine how I felt in that
moment the [ __ ] king of the world
I am the king of the world then
natural attraction massage they give me 290 and
here we start here we start I have already
decided to have here does this
piece of pocket sound done with these pieces of
advice are valued at 297 euros not
between one hundred nor 290 not 297 and now
then there are the extra bonuses with the art
of flirting the art of your color is that it is
valued at 288 not between one hundred in
290 in 280 not in 288 this is
valued by the amount
of my balls infallible phone numbers
destroy your fears and the
fun of live training with
a total value of  585 euros
585 euros from Barcelona street
so it seems like a really cool video
but today they've been there for three weeks ten
three-week homes and three
weeks ago it wasn't today either okay but today
today you're not going to like it 285 500 thousand 397 either not
even the regular price of
190 the regular price the regular price of
127 either today no today no tomorrow it doesn't come out
you don't have the opportunity to extend today
with a single payment of 67 euros
[Laughter]
six hundred and ninety so just hit
the button below this video to
join right now and we're also
protected by our evolution guarantee
yes by synthesizers and the same logo in
which you can't take any in
fact the one you like the most this one to
peace this one put here on google
okay you can download it it's put in
an ad for a beeswax personera
that costs 24 at 90 divided
all kinds of moments and situations
from putting his feet on someone he has a
date after challenging her telling her that
surely the feet nave this  kid
lives on the edge has lived all kinds of
common experiences or reading
a girl's feet etc etc together with cracker at
least legs and a funny thing is that while
I was babysitting my
five year old cousin's
nights out accompanied by the bar very well one
of the most curious things is to see how a
friend who had always seen him
as the most alpha and advanced male among
matas recognize while and explain to him
all my results that
the roles are reversed and he even asked me for advice
especially when this decision has the
power to change
with absolutely zero risk for you you
are alone once the risks the
risk cannot
explain mushrooms with what
people will surely hug you up to two
million euros in should save cinema
dinners gifts and other crap that you don't
need because it doesn't pay lack you can
continue spending money on these things and
still not get what you want and
you can make the decision to invest in
yourself and live the life of your dreams
so there could be for 60 for video you
have there is a pact for a humorous video I don't
know if buying the seven videos will
pay off he bought seven videos they have 100
or  200 thousand views I buy it I see what
happens
[Music]
the situation was quite similar it
portrays here retro the
purchase he got that I open I quit and
work he quit the job because he couldn't
flirt is that they mediate because he has been
trying to do the games for a long time
thinking that he could fields a lot of course
are not taught because they don't know how to
express themselves I can tell you things that
happened to me like the piece of honorable kid
with Russian girls it gives me a little bit of the creeps the way
people look at me what I just
discovered is that what they teach you is
to flirt what they teach you Russian and
good kids well nothing I hope you
liked the video I hope you
had fun ok give it a like
share the video a lot if this video
reaches 200 300,000 views I might
go and ask my ex out on a date no date no
but the courses and to
put them here reign for a while because they
have to be a pot see you